[Jest] Add base unit test documentation (#226)
Wolox/tech-guides: testing/unit-testing-jest/docs/issues.md

## Issues

### i18n dependency
If you test suit fails to run, with the following error message:
```ts
● Test suite failed to run

    It looks like your application or one of its dependencies is using i18n.
    Angular 9 introduced a global `$localize()` function that needs to be loaded.
    Please run `ng add @angular/localize` from the Angular CLI.
    (For non-CLI projects, add `import '@angular/localize/init';` to your `polyfills.ts` file.
    For server-side rendering applications add the import to your `main.server.ts` file.)
```

> This mean that your module uses in18, you'll need to expose the ```$localize``` function in the global namespace. This need to be imported on the ```test-setup.ts``` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mean that your module uses i18n, you'll need to expose the ```$localize``` function in the global namespace. This need to be imported on the ```test-setup.ts``` file.
```

> 

Reviewer: add here a text that says: **Solution:**

              ssPath: 'any-path',
              ...
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }).compileComponents();
  });
}

```
To avoid the error, we need to declare the same routes on providers defined on the component.
Note: The urls object can be declared on extra file.

## Error with the ChangeDetectionStrategy
When a component has the detection strategy configured with OnPush. And, we try to get some element of the DOM, surprisingly the element has not rendered. This is because the test DOM doesn’t read the changes has the real component this occurred when having directives as ```*ngIf``` on the HTML. To fix this problem, we have two options:

1] We can override our TestingModule to use the default change detection, then the component will be rendered correctly.
```ts
describe('ExampleComponent', () => {
  let component: ExampleComponent;
  let fixture: ComponentFixture<ExampleComponent>;

  beforeEach(async () => {
    await TestBed.configureTestingModule({
      declarations: [ExampleComponent],
    })
      .overrideComponent(ExampleComponent, {
        set: { changeDetection: ChangeDetectionStrategy.Default },
      })
      .compileComponents();
  });
}
```

> 2] (recommended) We can use a helper function to detect changes correctly on our tests. The function ```detectChangesOnPushStrategy``` is asynchronous, so you’ll need to add async() to the tests were you need to detect the changes.

Reviewer: Should be the first option listed

## Issues

### i18n dependency

#### Issue:
If you test suit fails to run, with the following error message:

> ```ts

Author: ```ts``` it's fine:
[TypeScript | ts, typescript](https://rdmd.readme.io/docs/code-blocks)

> ```ts

Author: fixed.

● Test suite failed to run

    It looks like your application or one of its dependencies is using i18n.
    Angular 9 introduced a global `$localize()` function that needs to be loaded.
    Please run `ng add @angular/localize` from the Angular CLI.
    (For non-CLI projects, add `import '@angular/localize/init';` to your `polyfills.ts` file.
    For server-side rendering applications add the import to your `main.server.ts` file.)
```

#### Solution:
This mean that your module uses i18n, you'll need to expose the ```$localize``` function in the global namespace. This need to be imported on the ```test-setup.ts``` file.

```ts
import 'jest-preset-angular';
import '@angular/localize/init';
```

### Navigator dependency
Sometimes, when we are testing many problems don’t let our test execute. Is so frustrating don't find a simple solution just checking the error console and understanding the problem. This is a collection of typical errors that you can get when you are testing. Hope that helps.

### Error with the navigator
#### Issue:
If we use the navigator router on the test files, maybe we get an error like this:
![error navigator](./assets/NavigatorError.png "Error");

> This means we are using a specific path to test the routing. But we aren’t declaring on the environments file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means we are using a specific path to test the routing. But we aren't declaring on the environments file.
```
Avoid to use this char because markdown things is a scape char xD
